SPCTR-3102: Fix - CTA responsive line-height issue in frontend (#3362)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Call to Action - Resolved an issue where line-height of title is not responsive in frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Call To Action - Resolved an issue wherein the line-height of the title would not appear responsive in the frontend.
```

Author: Done.
